Create App React:
Creating a React App
1
2
3
Creating a React app is a straightforward process thanks to the Create React App tool. This tool sets up a modern web app by running a single command, allowing you to focus on development without worrying about configuring build tools like webpack or Babel.

Steps to Create a React App

Prerequisites

Ensure you have Node.js installed on your machine. You can check this by running node -v in your terminal. If not installed, download and install it from the official Node.js website.

Using Create React App

Open your terminal and navigate to the directory where you want to create your new React app.

Run the following command to create a new React app:

npx create-react-app my-app
Copy
Navigate into your project directory:

cd my-app
Copy
Start the development server:

npm start
Copy
Project Structure

After running the above commands, you will have a directory structure like this:

my-app
├── README.md
├── node_modules
├── package.json
├── .gitignore
├── public
│ ├── favicon.ico
│ ├── index.html
│ ├── logo192.png
│ ├── logo512.png
│ ├── manifest.json
│ └── robots.txt
└── src
├── App.css
├── App.js
├── App.test.js
├── index.css
├── index.js
├── logo.svg
├── serviceWorker.js
└── setupTests.js
Copy
This structure includes all the necessary files to start building your React application
2
.

Additional Commands

Run tests:

npm test
Copy
Build for production:

npm run build
Copy
Templates and TypeScript

You can also start a new app from a template or create a TypeScript app by appending --template [template-name] or --template typescript to the creation command:

npx create-react-app my-app --template typescript
Copy
This command sets up a new React app with TypeScript configuration
2
.

By following these steps, you can quickly set up a new React application and start developing your web app with ease.



(base) PS D:\mekong-pathfinder\apps> npx create-react-app web
Need to install the following packages:
create-react-app@5.1.0
Ok to proceed? (y) y

npm warn deprecated inflight@1.0.6: This module is not supported, and leaks memory. Do not use it. Check out lru-cache if you want a good and tested way to coalesce async requests by a key value, which is much more comprehensive and powerful.
npm warn deprecated rimraf@2.7.1: Rimraf versions prior to v4 are no longer supported
npm warn deprecated glob@7.2.3: Glob versions prior to v9 are no longer supported
npm warn deprecated fstream-ignore@1.0.5: This package is no longer supported.
npm warn deprecated uid-number@0.0.6: This package is no longer supported.
npm warn deprecated fstream@1.0.12: This package is no longer supported.
npm warn deprecated tar@2.2.2: This version of tar is no longer supported, and will not receive security updates. Please upgrade asap.
create-react-app is deprecated.

You can find a list of up-to-date React frameworks on react.dev
For more info see:https://react.dev/link/cra

This error message will only be shown once per install.

Creating a new React app in D:\mekong-pathfinder\apps\web.

Installing packages. This might take a couple of minutes.
Installing react, react-dom, and react-scripts with cra-template...


added 1325 packages in 50s

271 packages are looking for funding
  run `npm fund` for details

Installing template dependencies using npm...

added 17 packages, removed 1 package, and changed 1 package in 5s

271 packages are looking for funding
  run `npm fund` for details
Removing template package using npm...


removed 1 package, and audited 1341 packages in 3s

271 packages are looking for funding
  run `npm fund` for details

9 vulnerabilities (3 moderate, 6 high)

To address all issues (including breaking changes), run:
  npm audit fix --force

Run `npm audit` for details.

Success! Created web at D:\mekong-pathfinder\apps\web
Inside that directory, you can run several commands:

  npm start
    Starts the development server.

  npm run build
    Bundles the app into static files for production.

  npm test
    Starts the test runner.

  npm run eject
    Removes this tool and copies build dependencies, configuration files
    and scripts into the app directory. If you do this, you can’t go back!

We suggest that you begin by typing:

  cd web
  npm start

Happy hacking!
(base) PS D:\mekong-pathfinder\apps> 



